feat: generalize HOMEDIR management and respect XDG_CONFIG_HOME, fixes #5807 (#5813)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/install/performance.md

    * Rename your project’s `.ddev/mutagen/mutagen.yml` file to `.ddev/mutagen/mutagen.yml.bak` and run `ddev restart`. This ensures you’ll have a fresh version in case the file has been changed and `#ddev-generated` removed.
    * Avoid having Mutagen sync large binaries, which can cause `ddev start` to take a long time. The `.tarballs` directory is automatically excluded, so Mutagen will ignore anything you move there. To see what Mutagen is trying to sync, run `ddev mutagen status -l` in another window.
    * `export DDEV_DEBUG=true` will provide more information about what’s going on with Mutagen.

>     * As of DDEV v1.21.2, DDEV’s Mutagen daemon keeps its data in a DDEV-only `MUTAGEN_DATA_DIRECTORY`:
>         * `.mdd` located in `~/.ddev/.mdd` in DDEV v1.23.2+
>         * `.ddev_mutagen_data_directory` located in `~/.ddev_mutagen_data_directory` in DDEV v1.21.2 to v1.23.1

Reviewer: IMO we confuse matters by talking about this too much. Mostly, in the years since mutagen has been introduced, nobody ever noticed or cared where this was stored.

```suggestion
    * * DDEV’s Mutagen daemon keeps its data in a DDEV-only `MUTAGEN_DATA_DIRECTORY`, by default in `~/.ddev/.mdd`.
```

    * DDEV’s private Mutagen binary is installed in `~/.ddev/bin/mutagen`. You can use all the features of Mutagen with `export MUTAGEN_DATA_DIRECTORY=~/.ddev/.mdd` and running the Mutagen binary in `~/.ddev/bin/mutagen`, for example:

        ```bash
        export DDEV_DEBUG=true

>         export MUTAGEN_DATA_DIRECTORY=~/.ddev/.mdd

Reviewer: Should this be

```suggestion
        export MUTAGEN_DATA_DIRECTORY=${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-~/}/.ddev/.mdd
```

Reviewer 2: Not exactly, because in `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` there is a `ddev` directory, not `.ddev`.
But I understood what needs to be changed here, thanks!
